hello uh welcome back
to another video i hope you're having a
lovely day
i just thought i'd take you through one
of my favorite sort of quick ab circuits
just to kind of mention it to start with
by no means is this aberrant
obviously going to give you instant abs
you need to be at a certain
body fat percentage you'll carry fat in
completely different
places you can't spot reduce fat so in
order to lower your body fat percentage
you need to be in some form like calorie
deficit to lose overall
weight just to mention at the beginning
of the video anyway i'll just
jump straight on in to the workout
so the following workout is going to be
in a circuit format so
we'll do each of the movements three
sets and i'll pop the reps on the swing
for each one
and in between each set i would say rest
for between 60
and 90 seconds so we're going to start
with
a cross crunch so this is similar to a
normal crunch
and you just want to twist your torso to
the left as you squeeze your abs
bringing your right elbow to your left
knee until they touch
this is a really good movement because
you can really focus on squeezing
your core and it also targets both your
abs and your obliques
so next up we're going into a reverse
crunch so here you just want to raise
your legs so your thighs are
perpendicular to the floor and your
knees are bent
at about 90 degrees and you just want to
breathe out and contract your abs to
bring your knees up towards your chest
and raise your hips off the floor
but you want to keep this one quite slow
and controlled and i find it easiest
to pop my hands just underneath where my
glutes are just so it's a bit more
balanced
and for this one we're just doing 16
reps
then moving into one of my favorite ever
ab exercises which is an in and out
crunch so here you just want to extend
your legs out and back in towards your
chest
again you just want to really focus on
keeping this quite controlled
and squeezing your core
if you find this a little bit more
challenging you could also just pop your
arms
like so they're sort of leaning
backwards and still do the same movement
with your legs and this one we're just
doing it for
15 reps
next up is a plank dip so here you
shouldn't be in a plank position
keep your core engaged at all times and
push your belly button in towards your
spine
and just make sure you breathe in slowly
and deeply and here you want to maintain
your head
and neck relax and dip your body as low
as you can
and without losing your balance and form
and for this one we're just doing eight
reps each side
i really like this one for strengthening
my abs like on a hole
and my obliques as well as you lower
back too
so next up is this absolute burner which
is a cocoon crunch so you just line face
up on the ground with your arms extended
above your head
and then you just pull your knees in
towards your chest and simultaneously
lifting your arms over your head and
into a crunch movement
here you just want to make sure your
heels don't touch the floor just to keep
your abs under constant
tension and this one we're doing 12 reps
so next one we're doing a side in and
out
and here you just want to keep your back
straight lift your hands off the floor
and pick your feet up as you draw your
knees
into your chest and we're going for 12
reps here
so the next one is a side plank and
we're going to be doing each side
and so for this one you want to put a
timer on
for 25 seconds each side feet can either
be
staggered for more stability or stacked
for more of a challenge
on one another this is so good for your
posture in general
and your top hand can be on the side of
your hip if you find that easier or
if you want to make it a bit harder you
can also reach up to
the ceiling
anyway guys i really hope you enjoyed
this little workout let me know if you
do try it in the comments down below and
also
if you'd like to see any more videos
like this one
um and if you haven't already i'd love
to stick around by liking and
subscribing and i'll see you guys in the
next video